1> What are your strong points
    I am passionate about coding in both c++ and scripting. I have worked on  c++ projects and also have developed some them from scratch on my own individually. Need a very minimal supervision projects. During my academics I have won many programming competitions.

    command on various tools and bash
    I know lot of tools for analyzing system, performance and optimizations. as well as I am good at writing quick scripts
    which boost my productivity. these skills help when it comes about resolving production outages, when I have to resolve the production problem with cool mind in minimal time.
 
    Ability to design and domain knowledge
    I have developed many small projects from scratch with the initiative. I am always positive about challenging complex tasks as I can 
    clearly see a opportunity in them. As well my domain knowledge specially about European markets is vast and this is what differentiate me. 

    I am avid reader, learner and believe in sharing knowledge.
    I am active on Wikipedia, stack overflow, Quora, and Investopedia. From all these sites I get lot of domain knowledge as
    well as technical. I do contribute to them. I do contribute to our internal documentations and wiki projects. 


2> What are your weak points
    I help people and sometimes rather than giving them just pointers i just try to resolve thier problem on my own. May be that is because i think the issue they face is dealt with urgency and if i just provide pointer to solution well it might take time for him or her to get it done. I am a team player and i cannot see my coligue facing problems and stucked somewhere for long when I can fix that immediately.
    I am good at prioritizing tasks but Sometimes I get carried away from other task when I concentrate at max levels while solving some really difficult problems.  

3> Why CITI.
    CITI is reputed bank if I consider the technology as well as business CITI is doing. I liked the project for which you are giving me opportunity. It involves traders, quants and technology. I think that is something exactly I am looking at to take my career to next level. So I am lot positive about Options market making team.
    when it comes about work culture, I know lot of current employees from CITI. I work on European feeds and I have worked with lot of senior guys, VPs from CITI Belfast and CITI London and India as well. I find CITI employees talented and the knowledge and experience i will gaining at CITI will be very valuable for my growth. I mainly do development and track projects progress along with them. As well I know many of your Pune employees. My cousin works for CITI.
    I liked your CSR activities which you display there on screen at reception. I am from rural background and it will be really good if I get chance to participate in such stuff. I think CSR activities, sports make you social and you make really good friends in companies from other teams.

Salary expectations.
    Well you are in better position to judge my compensation and I am sure that you will give me best of what you can offer considering my around 5 years of vast and valuable C++ financial programming experience along with the domain knowledge and my performance during interviews. 
    I am sure that you will make exceptional note of that I have already closely worked with three major investment banks JPMC Eur, Morgan Stanley      Europe and CITI Eur. I was working with morgan stanley europe in london.

    See i work in C++ which is considered really lower level complex. My commands on other supplementary technologies like Fix-FAST and tools for coding and development.  I have vast amount of domain knowledge, specially about European feeds. as well i have worked in global collaborating environment, which is the one of the crucial requirement of this position as I will be working with team in Australia and London. When I will be working on European side my experience on European feeds will be the differentiating factor for teams success. so I do expect 15+ on top of what I am earning currently. I am bit flexible as well.

Justify the pay.
  I am senior member of technical staff current company, i have handled many of projects on my own. Specially for Morgan Stanley project  I am the key resource and responsible for it. I have done lot of creative things here. I have worked with CITI india along with Manish Baphana in Market data and Anshuman Das in market access. Both of them are VPs. in the past.
 The OMM project I will be joining is the live project like the one I am currently working on. where code is constantly reacting to the market. Now I have a good experience of working on such projects, how to handle the things in live environment in case of urgency.  Two of the module interface for the OMM are market data and order entry, which are provided by the SRLabs, so I already have depth knowledge of two of the five interfacing modules to the work I will be doing.
As well when I will be there as I have depth knowledge of my current projects, I will be really helpful to other guys in CITI market data in case they need quick help of anything on using SRLabs product optimally. My goal would be take the project to next level along with my team at CITI.


  
