See I know you are reading. And why I am becoming free minded with you, because I am serious ab this offer.
what I want is not to feel any heat outside of workplace so that inside office I could do well.

strategy:	
	Make notes how CITI is benefiting in terms of career and compensation variables 
	Ask questions:
		Extra benefits
		Leaves
		Promotions and Choosing between technical and management side


How were the interviews.
	Excellent. I was thrilled by the diverse veriety of the questions they asked.
	I liked there way of testing candidates. They shown nice gesture for the candidates.
	Seems like nice team.
		In first interview I had with australian team lead, We talked ab team, work, then we discussed various scenarios
	of technical things. I greatly appreciate his vision for the global team. I do posses command over some developmental tools which conventional developers do not have. I think found these skills unique for the position. 
		Later I talked with whole india team in my onsite interview. Seems like team with great team spirit. We discussed c++, programming and other design	questions in great details. They seems to be happy with the answers and practical real world exmaple/scenarios I answered to them. Had a talk with Manish Baphana who was previously working in equity team, now works in options data team.
		Later in talk with the Rohit, we discussed various work scenarios, the responsibilities and my achievements and my work relationship with the VPs work at CITI market data europe, and other companies. He was happy that I have worked with CITI guys before, couple of whom he knows personally. He was quiet happy to know that I have lead some production outages meetings, where developers have to make quick decisions of in case of things go wrong in production. We discussed what is procedure of bringing up guy to the productive level in inital days.  
		Overall gave my best and I think results are excellent as we are here.


Is it ok if we talk about some other things first. Salary discussion is important for me as well as you. But it will be good to discuss the other things first, as salary will not be the only thing I will be only looking from future long term employer
	So what are the things, you could tell me that,  I should join CITI for. 
	So what about the future role after i will be having to choose techical and management work after say 12-15 years of experience.
		my aim is to become a techical architect, who designs the software systems. I am a hardcore technical guy and I love what I am doingmay be the reason why IIMs never tempted me.
	So what kind of extra benefits you give in terms on insurance, food.
	So once I accpet the offer, will i be able to talk with my team. Just to say hi to pradeep and Sieed , who are gng to be member of team.
	just want to say hi and want them to direct me over few points i am specializing about market making.

Notice Period Negotiations:
	See the company does not negotiate based upon the money.
	But since I have joined them very early during the operation of the company and my relations with the founders,
	upon sincierly requesting and completing all my tasks, I think they could release me in just 3 weeks to 1 month as well.
	See it will take atleast a week after resignation, that they will agree to leave me, till that point they will try to pursuade me.
	But once I say YES to you, that is yes, and I will join you. I give high importance to my commitements.  
	Are you guys ready to take me in with all the required documents, if I say I can join within two/three weeks, after a week of 
	resignation.	

	
What are your expectations:
	Well crucial question. Considering my performace during the interview, reputation of CITI itself, work responsibilty and challeging work of the new role. And my position and hard work I done with my current and previous employers. I think i must have got the excellent grades.
<<	See if you see my move from previous employer to current employer I did not really get as such hike. I was earning around 6L fix and around 2.5L work stock options which could be disbursed perodically. While SRLabs just gave me 7.5L fixed+ some bonus around 70K. being small company, a startup like, influence by VCs after funding and recent aqusition of another company, SRLabs really could not benefit me on money side. Though I made some money from my UK trip, that was purely out of my saving, so my current salary is not market offsetted. >>	
	So I expect around 60-70% hike wrt my current inhand salary. << I do get extra benefits like free food which I have not got chance to mentione anywhere.>> So I am expecting around 17L. I know there will be varible component. 
	And it is not going to only my work. I have worked at SRLabs from its almost initial days. you guys use SRLabs software. I could really benifit the other teams and save thier time on SRLabs software easily. And I am willing to help them in every possible way.  	
	Here in current company I do carry out other responsibilities being most senior like handling office, mentor new-joinies, handle  european clients developemnt work with co-ordination. So I am much mature resource you would say, who has vast amount of experience in just 5 years. I am passionate about finance technologies  and I am joining CITI myself only when I am intereted in work and I make decisions on long term basis. So not only driven by making money for myself, but as well eager and work hard to make money for my employer. And I have already worked with the three major investement banks, Morgan Stanley, JP morgan Eu, Citi Europe, while our founders and inital members were working in GS and Merril Lynch. I could be really bring some great resources out of friend circle to CITI.

	as you know that I have a great experience of understanding the whole system at micro level which enables me to take long term stable development design decisions as well as I very good at handling situation where things go wrong in production outages. CITI believes in the work I am already doing and CITI has global licence for both of our order entry and market data products. So I already know the base and interactive components of the project i will be working upon.

	Look at the project which I will be working upon. It is critical and seems one of most the profitable project which is earning 70/80 million dollers per year. Since my skills are expertise match with the requirement and as well I am eager to join and work with you. I think the compensation i deserve justifies with this. 
	See my current salary itself is very undervalued and See I can have given you mine all references. My own cousin works for CITI,  corporate and Investment Banking, Client centric secuterised markets and technology.

	Well I am ready to commit for the long term relationship with CITI on paper or off the record. If you are paying me this compensation and in future you will be having every right to control it via bonus and appraisals to offset it to your budget.
	
	As a elder sibling with two younger brothers doing there studies. My father is retiered and mom is house wife.  
	And there is high probability that someone else will enter in my life to make it more beautiful. So have resposibily of financial well being of 4 people. Well CITI will be profited from even this situation as it makes me responsible mature resource who is careful and sicere about his work and will not make any hasty decisions. As well i will be in 30% tax slab. this much salary will put me into a better position to complete and control my responsibilities outside of work. 

What if you leave us/deny coming after getting this offer letter.
	See I could really undestand this situation. I do handle india recruitement on my own as a side responsibilty.
	I find team I am joining cool and experienced. 
	I think before taking decisions and saying Yes, But I honor my words once said. I know many of your employees with whom
	Now lot of CITI guys are my personal friends and my own cousin as well works with you.  
	At the end of call , I am ready to resign right now after the call.  

Now last thing:
	Do you allowe me to take leave if manager i am reporting to agrees.
	See I will be completing my 5 years of carrer in next couple of months. So we guys had planned for a trip to himalayas in may as all of us are avid trekker. We have booked all the tickets even before we started with the interview procedure of the CITI. and there is another high probable event is that all of us might get married in next year or two. So will I be allowed to take a 5 days off in may. 
	See I could join much before the actual notice period and that too smoothly. I do have tickets to prove that this had been planned early to my manager.
	Again I am not hard on this. See if it is possible, otherwise it is ok, I could cancel my tickets and plan.   
	I will make it some other time and I am sure that mine friends will undestand and this again proves that I am serious about this offer.
